In making this website I considered two factors. First, the user interface; second, the design of the code. In terms of the user interface there were two design components. The first was aesthetic design; the second was usability and navigability. In choosing the aesthetic design I used a website to generate a color scheme and tried to incorporate consistent design elements throughout. This included centering certain headings, rounding the edges of buttons and colored text boxes, animating graphics to enlarge when hovered over, and adding shading to photos and colored text boxes. I tried to ensure navigability by making the layout of the website progress with the information that I was trying to convey. While a portion of the website remains filler text because the deadline for my freshman seminar project is later than the deadline for my cs50 project, the pages of the website and the format are complete–contributing to a flow from general information to specific descriptions of events in the timeline to descriptions of artifacts to an analysis and synthesis of all information provided. I ensured that you could visit any page from any other page by including a dropdown menu as well as a series of navigation links at the footer of the page.

In terms of the design of the code, I relied on the incorporation of elements from several different problem sets. I relied on the incorporation of the login element from finance. I adapted the python for the buy function in order to use SQL to be able to search a database of events for the timeline. I adapted several components from my homepage in order to incorporate the dropdown menu and expanded what I encountered during the homepage assignment in order to create the carousel. I also learned how to incorporate an image map into my website for the map page. I encountered issues with the image map because the specified mapped areas would change depending on the size of the website window and I needed the mapped areas to remain static relative to window size so they could direct users clicking on those areas to the correct information. I also linked the image map to an id of an element occurring later on the page. I incorporated elements from trivia in my quiz page, adapting the page to show a score upon submission.
